The modern testing podcast join your hosts Alan and Brent I am mindless agile
robot I must iterate as we talk about software engineering software quality
leadership and whatever else comes to mind now on with the show good morning
Brent good morning Alan it's been a while since we've been together been a
month was reunited I'm not gonna sing on you that's a bad idea bad bad bad I know how you been?
yeah now I got that song in my head I know you do how you been I'll tell you how you been
yeah you're wearing one shoe today tell me a story I broke my foot last Sunday and how
bad did the other guy did it? the the brick is just fine so the story I tell people the punch line is
is I broke my foot by sitting and what happened is I was sitting cross-legged on my front patio
unbeknownst to me I had put my foot to sleep and it was time for me to get up to go do something
and in the process of getting up and walking I had failed to notice that my foot was paralyzed
right the the tingling hadn't started to make it a clear sign that oh there's something problem
so I started walking failed lost balance attempted to adjust my balance by shifting my foot sideways
straight on an edge of a brick which broke I don't know if you've ever seen an x-ray of a foot
but your your foot when you look at an x-ray the bones look very much like a hand where the little
tips of them end up being your toes and doesn't work very well on a podcast
brent brent's pointing to his hand right now but I essentially broke this knuckle
so you can think of it as as um the bone as it extends into the big part or the big bone on your
foot the pinky toe bone reaches into a knuckle and it's that knuckle I broke so you're a deuces I am
it made a very concrete noise I remember in mid-flight I heard the noise and I said
very quickly oh my god that's going to be a problem but first I need to make sure I do not fall over
because after I hit that brick I lost my balance again and started tilting the other way and almost
landed in a bunch of um bushes I successfully blocked that fall my son asks uh hey why don't
you just put your hand out and just stop the fall and I said oh because I had my phone in my hand and
I was also trying to protect my phone so it is you are an idiot on so many levels I'm not sure
which one to make fun of the most so first off when you are uh in a situation like that it
is all muscle memory there's no conscious thought no I would have I would have superhero
rolled out of it all right then I'm just overall your muscle memory I mean I uh is that thing I've
told you before I'm a black belt and take one though I've done superhero roles multiple times
yeah how did those help you in this situation it did not good protect my phone crack and the
I guess on that front I have I have destroyed many a brick with with uh in karate with with hands
and feet but this time the brick one so this was brick revenge it might have been and I just just
a quick question do you just have bricks randomly laying around your yard no this was uh edging
you can imagine yeah sidewalk and I hit it that master of coordination ladies and gentlemen
brain jensen yeah a b test how long where the empathy so at least you don't have like a big
old cast on you have like a foot uh what's it called a not even a boot you have a you have a
wrapper around your foot this is how long do you wear that uh another three to seven weeks
okay what do you do when you go to put a shoe back on and uh your shoes are worn unevenly
buy new shoes no you break the other foot to even it out no no that that does not happen
I don't have a cast I would like the three to put odds on that
given the story you just told given the time you know depending on the timeline like ever in my life
I won't take that bet but yeah and the bone is not castable that that particular break is not
castable so that's the reason why so what this this thing I'm wearing now what it does is it
adds support to my foot I can I have crutches out in my car I don't need them per se at least not
yet I can walk as long as I put the pressure on the inside of my foot not the outside where the
brake is so really the way to fix your foot is the same thing as the root cause of breaking your foot
you should sit more all right on yeah I don't know where I'm gonna go here
yeah welcome to episode 104 so we have a guest today don't we Brett yes yes we have
all the way from London England author of an upcoming book called leading quality
Ron Cummings John Ron welcome to the A B testing podcast hello it's so it's so lovely to be here
you guys are like the funniest pair talking all the time so yeah I'm excited about today
I'm I kind of feel sorry for you because we're not that funny no we've been accused of this
I know it's weird there is reminds me first tangent of the day I listen to this podcast
called tech talk y'all which is interesting because it's a good way for me to catch up on
the pop culture of tech but these guys describe themselves as a tech comedy podcast but they don't
tell any jokes they're not funny all they do is make a few funny voices once in a while and act
excited so compared to them we are funny so this is this is a testing comedy podcast you only you
keep the bar very low yes all right back back to our guest we are I'm excited to have you I have
read a preview of Ron's book and I have a bunch of questions out in front of me but first of all
just tell us a little bit about yourself Ron and and what you've been up to and what you do
and what kind of led you to writing this book yes so I am a co-founder of a crowd processing
company I've been working with my my co-founder a guy called always pissed about 11 years now
and we originally weren't from the tech or the the the testing well we were actually in the
process of building a search engine for beauty products and we got backed by our investors to
build that and as we were going about this process of building a search engine oh my goodness QA
and just dealing with quality was a nightmare and um I remember we went back to our investor one day
and said look I know finding the right beauty product is a problem but I mean I think that
the testing could be a bigger one and that's how we got into the space that I'm you know fast forward
five years we now work with some of the coolest tech companies in the world which is super fun
and and what that did is it gave us this opportunity to understand how do some of the top companies
the world like your faithless you google your your etch and all these guys how do they
how do they test how they look at tests and how does that differ from what we see from other companies
and so we came to get an ask this question by people you know what should my QA strategy be
and we we originally thought that we could we could work that out and write a book on it in about
six months little did we know it took us on a two and a half year journey of basically just
meets lots of people finding out you know the truth behind what really happens in company
and this led us to to complete a book which is uh the summer called living quality which really
the summary if I was to say to someone is really that we in the testing space need to ensure
that we elevate our conversation and are providing as much value to the business by focusing on what's
happening for our customers and the QA and quality and test teams there are many ways to do that
which is the kind of things that we end up talking about yeah I really like there's a quote
in the book which you just uh talked all the way around I'm going to read uh which is as we came
to the end of the book we realized that there was a much deeper question than what should my QA
strategy be the question was how can I better lead quality inside my company which aligns a lot with
we have these modern testing principles of course modern testing dot org check them out
and our fourth principle is we care deeply about the quality culture of the team and coach lead
and nurture this team towards a more mature quality culture the thing I like is how he just said
he basically said principle one in his synopsis of the book yes which is our priority is improving
the business and that's that's prevalent a lot that's uh I was as I was reading through your
book I was kind of oh okay that aligns with that principle that aligns with that principle so
congratulations on on agreeing with us so I I just privileged to have been on the same score
pattern yeah I was going to say um you said you thought you were going to pound out this book in
six months and I'm like in this particular community I'm not certain you could accurately define
testing in six months oh man you know what let me tell you let me show you what really happened
right yeah we wrote the first version of the book and um we gave it to a couple people and
they were like no because one thing that that you probably know about the testing community
is we love debate and arguing and the accuracy of everything that's that's said we test the idea
to its empty group so the first version of the book basically got destroyed um and then we wrote it
again and once again the level of uh questioning and justifying that has to happen before we could
get to a releasable state was um was emotional and character building
that which doesn't kill you right ron exactly so I guess the first question I I didn't
I didn't make uh the short list of the the pre-read um
um I actually thought that was on purpose I wanted I wanted Brent to come in
cold and kind of hear all this for the first time no so we call it a b testing and we tell people
it's because of Alan and Brent but uh you know a lot of the times it becomes clear and clear
it's the a team and the b team yeah uh anyway before we continue I Alan has
standing in front of him he has a long list of questions he wants to ask but the very first
question is potential questions that I may ask is sum up when you say leading quality can you sum
up the definition of quality in that case you know I feel like every time I talk to people
that's the first question that they want to ask so what do you mean by quality you know
and my continual answer is thank you for asking a loaded question um we it depends on how long you
would like to continue the debate for um but really you know I think that the term and the
word quality can be continued right because we we all get it right it's important everyone says
they care about it but it has quite a nebulous definition of of itself and when I think about
it I always say there's there's two facts that I guess everyone can agree on fact number one
is that quality is subjective which means determined by whoever using it at that point in time which
is obviously why the idea of making sure we're building things that customers care about is so
important and then the second thing is that is relative right the idea of what quality is
for you and I can change over time I often think back to yesterday years when I used to
I used to sit and wait for things to a page to load on dialogue and you know that was that was
fine you know I could wait 10 minutes it's perfectly subliminal however if that happened now
my perception is if things were taking 10 minutes to load I I'm probably carrying my hair out and if
you can see me realize I don't have much of that so it's interesting how not only is it subjective
but it changes over time and so I often do support myself to uh Michael Bolton definition which is
quality is value to some person at some time who matters and then every time I say that people
are like well you know but Michael didn't actually set that he actually did it as an expansion of
jerry and and this is why I think the book expanded and doubled in size because you have to qualify
everything that you write before you explain it to anyone in the past week yeah so the problem with
and Alan and I know this quite well the problem of doing anything that targets that community
you got to expect the testing community to test that's that's the issue
speaking of community you uh you quote Malcolm Gladwell on the book and you say if you want
this is a global quote if you want to bring a fundamental change in people's beliefs and behavior
you need to create a community around them where these new beliefs can be practiced and expressed
and nurtured so tell me about your thoughts on community and how they lead how they help you
with leading a quality culture well I think one of the things that is incredibly important
when you're thinking about being a leader of quality is that we have to be good at influence
those leaders and yes we're nodding we're nodding our heads loudly good because because
there's like the people from the sales background that love selling and then oftentimes with people
from a technical background who are like I don't sell that's not my thing that there's
a thought that to sell is like uh not as good because sometimes it's a little bit more fluffy
it's not as accurate and I truly believe that that thinking will limit people in the in the
quality in the testing space in order to make the change they want to make happen inside their
company because Daniel Pink has a book to sell as human and yes I think he pointed out we're huge
Dan Pink fans here on the AB test yes good good because you know he did this whole
study where he was like well it turns out that if you look at it the majority of your life is
selling something to someone whether that's your kid your partner your wife your boss and so we
all naturally sell but sometimes we don't think we should so coming back to your question of
you know how do I believe that the community can can help us as we inside our companies for
leaders and shape and quality it's really that if you are the only person in your company
trying to make that change it's going to be tough you need other people around you whether that is
your your peers your boss people in below you and your team you're going to need to start
influencing and persuading other people inside the organization to to almost think in the same way
as you but where I find people often go wrong and this is kind of what we found when we were
talking to the different people is that they believe that everyone else cares about the things
that they care about so when I hear people say oh you know the management team aren't listening to
me when I'm explaining this thing around quality I asked them what they explained and the thing
that always well it didn't surprise me but the thing that hurts me I guess is that often what
they describe has nothing to do with what management teams care about they're not talking
in the context of how it sits from a revenue perspective or the potential uh monetary saving
they might talk about things like risk mitigation which is something we talk about in in the test
of quality space but on the spectrum of what's pressing for that executive you need to make
sure that you are attuning and saying things in the light that they care about and so this whole
idea of utilizing community inside your company so to make the changes that are changed I think
we always have to look at ourselves as leaders to work out how are we conveying the message and
what I like to call the quality narrative inside our company so that we can help make that change
happen and and sometimes I find that a blocker to change inside a company can be the existing
narrative that that is that if you're inside a company right now where you know there's what we
call that a poor ownership narrative so people believe that it's just the testing team that
should own quality you've got to have trouble trying to get everyone to do to do stuff
around quality in order to get that change where everyone is involved in quality and is thinking
about quality there's going to need to be a narrative inside your business that hey ownership
is part of everybody's responsibility everyone has a part to play in making sure we have a good
quality product and so coming back to the whole Martin Gladwell quote it was really just trying to
encapsulate that when we are trying to make influence happen inside our company we have to
make sure that we are evolving multiple people and we have to also look at the narratives and the
stories that are being told inside our company and work out how to adjust more favor to get people
thinking about quality yeah um I have no so that that whole discussion you just had just reminded me
of all kinds of things I've said similar things in the past right the the one thing that I will call
out is in order to influence in order to lead you have to have followers and and I find that this is
the this is the single most important thing people forget leadership is influence and and everyone
thinks it's a tautology but I'm like no if you don't have followers you're not leading now the
question this is how to get followers and and that is essentially by setting the narrative such that
that individual makes a choice that the direction that they're going to go is in your direction
because it is beneficial to them um you just thought I'd talk about some exciting stuff yes
right it's it's you can't go to the executive and say hey we need to stop shipping bugs
and and then fall back to old tired stories around you know bugs are bad or customers shouldn't be
testing you know principle-based things um if those principles aren't clearly aligned with
a business goals or how the business wants to run uh you're gonna be you're gonna waste less time just
banging your head against the wall uh literally yeah right because it's if you want to move forward
you how you express the narrative and how you communicate it in a way that the person you're
trying to influence cares is what matters yeah I can't wait to read the book and you know what you
just got me excited on something yeah because there's this there's this concept um that we
talk a lot about internally in our company which is right there of vision which is that you know
every company needs to have a vision of what they're doing where they go and then oftentimes
people like oh my goodness I'm not the vision for this company that's why I want to join etc
but the truth is I don't believe anyone cares about any company's vision whatsoever what they
care about is the vision for themselves and the company is just a vehicle by which they plan to
achieve that vision and so if you understand what the vision and direction of motivation
of the people that you're trying to influence you and you can talk about things that help them
understand that what you've just said to them will help move them in the direction of their
own personal vision they're going to be so much more involved yes for sure completely yeah
it there's a there was a multiple books pink did one and then there's a book that's one of my
favorites called influencer where they say if you can target yes extrinsic motivation
moves things along but if you can target an intrinsic motivator what personally drives that
individual it's 10 times more powerful what's your next question fully agreed fully agreed hey
uh I have a couple more to get to uh and all surprises for Brent of course um you in the book
you have a section that talks about growth metrics with a shout out to another our principles are
pretty much entirely based or largely based on uh the lean startup and you have a call out to
Eric reason they're uh talking about vanity metrics of course and growth metrics and which ties
again really strongly with our first principle our priority is improving the business so what's your
advice to testers who work in a company without good growth metrics how do they get started what
are they what do they do what if you're they read your book and go yeah we need some of these
growth metrics what do they do you know that's true because sometimes people in situations where
either their company isn't clear on the growth metric and they're not in a position to influence
the core company's growth metric but what we have to say is even if your company
doesn't have a clear metric for you to use you can still work out what yours is and and use it
as the basis of a the work that you do and being how you drive communication so for example
we often say that there are three main types of growth metrics that exist in product companies
and and for those that have no idea what a growth metric is it's really just the idea
what is the one metric inside your business that will help roll the business moving forward and
oftentimes it's not just we need more money because that's not really a very valuable useful
growth metric for the whole business it's usually where the customer derives value from
your product and so there are three broad categories that we often talk about when we
think of growth metrics the first one is attention-based growth metrics so companies that are B2C
where it's like media or gaming or entertainment they're often trying to grab people's attention
as for example this would be a company like Facebook where their core metric is the number
of daily active users so a lot of the work that their teams do is driven around how can
we increase the number of daily active users so while that team is testing instead of them just
testing and doing some triaging and you know I think this is critical that they're actually
going if we work on this problem if we solve or fix this bubble or prioritize it do we believe that
we'll have a big impact on increasing the number of daily active users in this um in the product
as a whole or if you're just working on a subset of the product whatever the the core
metrics that you're trying to push off at that point and by by having that kind of focus you
end up attuning your work to what the business cares about which is going to be the improvement
of that metric which is going to be like more users etc and you also start to have other people
in the business start to understand the value that you could bring and I often have arguments
with people and they're like no no the people in the community shouldn't be focused on the core
metrics for the business and I'm like that's probably why you're struggling to communicate
with the rest of the business because you're not you don't care about the things that they care
about and it all comes back to what we were talking about before when we were talking about
um influence etc so what I've been saying is that the first the first growth metric that
you might look at in an attention-based metric the the second part that you might look at
is a a transaction-based growth metric so if you have a e-commerce website or a a marketplace of
some kind there's often a transaction that has to happen so companies like airbnb their growth
metric is around the number of night books because when when someone books a night it's the moment
that the person that owns that property gets value and it's the time when the person who wants to
be in that property gets better value but but there's also this whole section of growth
metrics that is around productivity when you say productivity it's often for the the b2b space
because when we have b2b software it's usually a workflow design or some kind of improvement in
some sort of digital task that someone was trying to use that b2b software for and I love when I
looked at like what slack were doing where they had worked out that if they could get a a company
2 000 messages then they knew that it was something like 97 98 percent more likely to
go on to actually upgrade onto their school plan so everyone in their teams was so focused around
making sure that they hit that 2 000 they can work on the problems or solve the issues or do more
testing around the things that would improve that 2 000 number and so this whole idea of
growth metric is really about making sure that you are focusing on activity that if you can change
an effect have the biggest impact to the rest of the business and then when I talk about this I
sometimes have people argue and they say well but you shouldn't just focus on one metric because
loads of metrics to focus on and yes of course there are lots of other metrics for people to
focus on but if you're trying to have the biggest impact in your role in the business
that you're in beginning to think about what's going to drive our business and always have that
at the back of your mind if you're making decisions will only make you more valuable
as a tester and even if the stuff that you work on a day-to-day basis you haven't been able to find
something that's going to move that needle incredibly well but you're still talking in
the business about this idea unless the rest of the business know that you understand and care about
driving a business forward whereas most times when people have conversations that I find when
they're talking about testing they keep it so technical and testing related that it becomes
hard for others to really engage and so coming back to this whole idea of leaving quality it's
really just about ensuring that what we're talking about and the messages that people hear from our
part of the business is we understand and care about the business and we think that there are
certain things that we might be able to do to help push and affect that the more that anyone can
have that narrative in their personal role or inside their department the more value like people
are going to find for the work that they do and this is really what we believe from what we see
Yeah, I... Brent was nodding his head a lot. Yeah, I've said many of the many things that you've
talked about. Dow-MOW, daily active users divided by monthly active users I use all the time. It's a
fantastic measure of stickiness whether or not your customers are coming back and they're finding
value in your thing or are you just having a... you're able to constantly bring in new
customers but they don't stick around right? What's that? Sorry, I was just saying when you look at that
you know those are the most important questions that we need to be asking and one of the things
I love about the testing community they always ask incredible questions. Yes. And ensuring that
they're asking some of these business context questions which come down to the fundamentals
should we be rebuilding this sometimes. You know the value that we can bring in our questioning
is incredible so it's just ensuring that we're using the skill sets we already have
but ensuring that we're adding the business side to the conversation that we have around the business.
Yeah, it's one of the things... so the old definition of quality, the traditional point of
view of quality is essentially bugs. It's what I now call code correctness. I won't talk about
bugs and code as a quality issue. Quality in my view can only be defined by the actual
consumer of the product that you're building. But it can be measured by people within the product,
it can be evaluated, it can be improved. I completely agree with you that one of the
strengths in the test community is its systems thinking and its critical thinking skills.
And I do in fact dream of the day and where the community at large, I've converted multiple
test teams myself, but the community at large realizes that applying that skills towards the
definition of quality that you are suggesting is... and I'm a data scientist by trade so I'm making
up numbers now, but I do believe it's an order of magnitude difference in the value proposition
that these same individuals can use with their same skills. It is much more valuable to go in
this new direction in this man's humble opinion. So I don't know if you're done with your questions,
but I do want to ask Ron one of the common questions we get all the time on this. I'd
love to hear your answer. So Ron, that's all nice and good, but that's the PM's job.
I guess that wasn't a question.
I can't worry about the business. My job is to find bugs. That's someone else's responsibility.
I abstain. So I'm wondering...
My response to that is actually just good luck. Good luck for your long-term career prospects.
So he doesn't have a better answer than we do.
So I do have some thoughts, right? So I was sitting down with Haseen and Zet the other day,
and we were talking about defining roles versus gray area. And oftentimes people are like,
oh, I really, I just feel like we need to define my role a bit more. I feel like I need to be clearer
what I'm doing and where I'm going. And she said something, she said, here's the thing.
If I work with someone and they are so stringent on I will only do the thing that pertains to my
role, then I know I've got a problem with that person. Because in life, in business, there's
always new things happening. There's always changes that happen. So if you're not comfortable with
gray, you probably shouldn't be working with a company. And it is the gray where you actually
get to provide a big different amount of value. And so this question of, hey, that is not my
responsibility to look at what we're doing in this business. I think it's everyone's responsibility.
I would much rather be in a company where every single person down to from the CEO down to the
janitor is going, that doesn't look right. I should probably raise that. If you don't have
that mentality in your business, and you're not a person that has that mentality,
there is probably somebody out there who could do your same role and add that additional value.
And the business that you're in would probably be promoting them faster and be having them do even
more interesting things because they're going to be trying to make sure that person's mind is
attuned and they're going to just work with them harder. I hate working with people that
aren't looking at their role and asking themselves about that role in context of the whole business.
Even when I work with developers and meet developers, I would much rather work with a developer who is
asking critical questions about where we're going as a business than someone that just agrees to
code the thing that I told them to go. Because no one has all the context and knowledge in their
mind. It's this collective knowledge, these cross-functional teams that have the most value.
So if someone actually began saying that to me, I think I'd begin a rant with them
on how much value they're truly providing and where do they think their life is going.
But yeah, maybe I don't have a good answer. No, no, no. So that one is more aligned. One of
the things you went a different direction, but one I still agree with is one of the things
that I've seen lately is a rise in the number of companies making an explicit shift away from,
particularly in the tech world, away from specialist roles. Because the need for a specialist
is sort of Moore's law of software development or personnel in the software world. You hire a deep
database expert and then realize, oh, our product is now going in a new direction where we don't
require a database. If that's all that guy can do, you've got a problem. And so there's definitely a
move towards what's known as a versatility or a tee sheet person. So people who are deeply knowledgeable
in two to three areas and are adaptable. And I'm now at a point when someone, I will probe them on
two or three questions. And if I determine, no, this guy's closed-minded and his content being a
specialist, then I just go, okay, I'm done with the conversation, right? Please come back to me when
you realize you actually need me and don't want to just argue. Some people don't want to be helped.
That's my question. One last question. I think we all have a hard stop coming up here, but
in reading your book and then in our conversations, you saw like we did that your book aligned with
a few of the modern testing principles. And believe it or not, these principles have been
controversial to some and some principles more controversial than others. One I wanted to bring
up was you said that your book aligned with our fifth principle, which believe it or not has been
controversial. We believe the customer is the only one who can judge quality is the customer as king
principle, which we fully believe. But believe it or not, we have had rather severe pushback from
some people in the test community on this principle. I'm just curious on your thoughts on
how your thoughts align with the customer being the only one who can value equality.
When I'm actually, I'm not one who actually fits and argues with people who are adamant that they're
right, because it's not worth the energy. It's not worth the time. When it comes to this whole
idea of influence, one thing that I personally learned is if someone categorically does not
want to change or want to be influenced, there is nothing that I can say that's going to help them.
I would much rather work with someone that is ready to hear an idea. And yes, they may have
questions around it or they don't agree, but still have taken the time to understand what
had been said. So usually in cases where people are like arguing some ideas, I just don't have the
time. I'd rather sit and talk to someone who is on the path that needs a bit of context to help them
move forward. I think that's how we make a bigger change. And then by that point, we have enough
people that means the person who could, who wouldn't listen, no longer could not listen.
But on the idea of the customer being the main person of Jonas Quality,
I believe this is so wholeheartedly. I often think about the idea of customer personas that are
created by marketing and product. And companies would create these personas like Eileen Enterprise,
who works at Enterprise, and she does this. And these personas are awesome for the product,
for the product and marketing team, for them to generalize something.
But the truth is, when we actually start to look at quality, there are quite an infinite number of
personas because every single person who picks up that application or who logs on to that
application to use it, they expect it to work perfectly for them in their conditions.
Which means, in my mind, there isn't just a small two or three personas that we have to deal
with in our company. There's actually loads of them. And we call them local personas because
every single device, every single location, all the different presentations become unique personas
that we have to end up looking at. And then once again, coming back to this whole idea,
it was really going to drive value for our company. You can start to look at your personas
and go, okay, so out of our customer base, we have right now, what are the locations or devices
or the usage patterns that they're seeing where we should actually focus our testing to make sure
the people we care about the most, we can have the biggest impact on.
And that's in the case where you're trying to look at your existing personas. But oftentimes,
and this is all about thinking about streaming from a business perspective,
but when you look at the quality, oftentimes, the customers that you want in the future are not
like your existing customers. They might not be on the same devices. They might not be in
the same location. So you actually now need to test differently. You need to think about
testing from a different perspective because you're now dealing with new personas that you're
not currently looking at. And so I look at this whole thing in the same way the manufacturing
industry went. There was a time in the manufacturing industry where they spent all of their time just
focused on optimizing the production flow. And then after a couple of years, total quality
management movement came along and they were like, guys, I think we should be caring about
how these products work for our customers. And people were like, what are you talking about?
What was your idea? And then over time, people were like, wow, if we build
products that a customer actually wants to use, we can sell more business. And I almost
feel like we have an industry that's going on. That's crazy talk. Crazy talk, customer.
Yeah. I feel like we're in the same journey.
Your manufacturing paradigm is spot on. We still hear it today. The single most important thing
is that we make sure that our devs times are efficiently utilized. And then you find out,
okay, they're not producing at fast rates. And even then, there's no idea of what value
is of the thing that they produce. Right. Great. You have a machine that produces code like crazy
that no one uses. Congrats. Exactly. And the reason why I know this following a similar trend
is because every single methodology that we use inside software development right now
has its roots in the manufacturing process. All of these Kaizen lead manufacturing, oh,
let's look at DevOps. Let's look at Agile. All of these come from manufacturing processes.
I say history repeats itself. We're going through the exact same evolution. I know in 10 years' time,
people are going to be like, well, of course, we need to make sure the quality is defined
by the customer. What else would you do? But hey, it takes time for people to change and adjust
their thinking. Now, if you spend 50 years of your life with one paradigm, it is hard naturally
to have a new paradigm. But over time, the ground will happen and change happens.
We got to go. When does your book come out? And so Ron's book is Leading Quality. It comes out when?
So it comes out the beginning of August. So actually just about a month away.
Okay. And where can our three listeners buy it?
So your listeners can go to Amazon.com or .co.uk or whatever your URL is in your local location.
And you can order it there. You can also go to leadingqualitybooks.com.
And you can request a free chapter. And actually, I think you can sign up now.
In the first week of the book being released, we give the Kindle version away for free as part
of our own promotion to just make sure that people understand these ideas.
People just need to hear the stories and have the new reference points about what they can
do to lead quality. And I honestly believe I'm going to spend a large part of my life,
as well as my co-founder, just preaching and messaging about how do we lead quality.
And I honestly believe in 10 years time, people who listen to this podcast is being like,
well, those guys will listen to the future. Yes. It's a great book. I've read it. Ron
Cummings, John, the book again, it's called Leading Quality. I'll put some links to it
in the show notes. Thank you very much for taking some time out of your day to recur
with us today. And we will look forward to rereading the book, Brent reading it,
and to the three people who listen to our podcast, reading it and getting the word out.
Thank you, Ron. Thank you so much. All right. See you.